Review inline section (#24)
lampepfl/scala3-macro-tutorial: docs/tutorial/inline.md

title: Inline
---

> Inlining is a common compile-time meta-programming technique, typically used to achieve performance optimizations. As we will see, in Scala 3, the concept of inlining provides us with an entrypoint to programming with macros.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inlining is a common compile-time metaprogramming technique, typically used to achieve performance optimizations. As we will see, in Scala 3, the concept of inlining provides us with an entrypoint to programming with macros.
```

val pi = 3.141592653589793
inline val pi2 = pi + pi // error
```

> Note that defining `pi` as an inline value definition, the addition can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that by defining `inline val pi`, the addition can be computed at compile time.
```

> computed at compile time. This resolves the aboev error and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resolves the above error and `pi2` will receive the literal type `6.283185307179586d`.
```

> `pi2` will receive the literal type `6.283185307179586 : Double`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This implies that the body plays a part in the binary and source compatibility of this interface.

## Compiletime Operations

> We also provide some operations that evaluate at compiletime.

Author: @nicolasstucki  Grouping inline matches under "Compiletime Operations" suggests that it should be moved to another section? Should we rename "Scala Compiletime Operations" to "Compiletime Operations" and also discuss `inline match` there? 

Or asked the other way around: why don't you like to group it with `inline if`?

Reviewer: I'm not sure what to do with `inline match`. It does not belong with `inline if` because it would be misleading as `if` and `inline if` have the same semantics but `match` and `inline match` do not. Inline match behaves more like the methods in `compiletime`. It seems like `inline match` is closest to `summonFrom`. Maybe it should be moved to the `Compiletime Operations` document.
